Compatibility matrix strategy (#389)
erlef/setup-beam: README.md

**Note** \*: prior to 23, Windows builds are only available for minor versions, e.g. 21.0, 21.3,
22.0, etc.

### Compatibility between Erlang/OTP and rebar3

> See [compatable versions](https://github.com/erlang/rebar3?tab=readme-ov-file#compatibility-between-rebar3-and-erlangotp) in rebar3 repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check [version compatibility](https://github.com/erlang/rebar3?tab=readme-ov-file#compatibility-between-rebar3-and-erlangotp) in `erlang/rebar3`.
```
